Add spec for IFrameMemoryUsage.md (#3234)
MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback: specs/IFrameMemoryUsage.md

IFrame Memory Usage API
===

# Background
The WebView2 team has been asked to provide support for monitoring iframe 
memory usage. Developer needs to know how much memory each iframe consumes. 
To do that, they need to get renderer process id for each iframe". However, 
WV2 only tracks the render frame host for top-level iframes. This limits the 

> [ICoreWebView2Frame2](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2frame?view=webview2-1.0.1518.46) apis for first-level iframes only. For instance, we can handle iframe created event for first-level iframe, 

Reviewer: Break long line and wording updates

```suggestion
[ICoreWebView2Frame2](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2frame?view=webview2-1.0.1518.46) APIs 
for first-level iframes only. For instance, we raise the FrameCreated event for first-level iframes, 
```

> but not for nested iframes with depth greater than 1. Also, WV2 lacks an API to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but not for nested iframes with depth greater than 1. Also, WebView2 lacks an API to 
```

> get the renderer process id for its iframe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
get the renderer process ID for iframes.
```

<pre>
                           main_frame  [depth:0]
                         /     |       \
      first_level_iframe_0     ...    first_level_iframe_n             [depth:1, first level iframe]
                |          \                     |
      second_level_iframe_0 ...       second_level_iframe_n ...        [depth:2, second level iframe]
               |
              ...                                                      
</pre> 

In this document we describe the updated API. We'd appreciate your feedback.

# Description
We propose extending `CoreWebView2` and `CoreWebView2Frame` to include the 
`RendererProcessId` property and  `RendererProcessIdChanged` event. This property 
stores the renderer process id for its iframe. This event will be raised whenever 
the renderer process id is changed for `CoreWebView2` or `CoreWebView2Frame`.

Additionally, we propose to add the `FrameCreated` event to `CoreWebView2Frame`. 

> This event fires when a new frame is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This event is raised when a new frame is created.
```
